feat: add workflows/README.md to elaborate on GitHub workflows (#210)
openactive/OpenActive.Server.NET: .github/workflows/README.md

# CI Workflows
This project contains two GitHub Action workflows that are performed following various triggers. For more information on Github Actions see [here](https://docs.github.com/en/actions).

## openactive-test-suite.yml

This workflow defines the following jobs: 
- **test-server**
- **test-fake-database**
- **core**
- **framework**
- **deploy-reference-implementation**
- **publish-server**
- **publish-fake-database**

### test-server job
This job builds and runs the `OpenActive.Server.NET.Tests` project. 

### test-fake-database job
This job is almost identical to the `test-server` job, but instead of building and running `OpenActive.Server.NET.Tests`, it builds and runs `Fakes/OpenActive.FakeDatabase.NET.Tests`.

### core job
This job builds and runs the `OpenActive.Server.NET` project. Then it checks out Test Suite and runs the matrix of tests the `OpenActive.Server.NET` project.

### framework job
This job is very similar to the above but builds `OpenActive.Server.NET` using .NET Framework and runs Test Suite against it.

### deploy-reference-implementation job

> This job deploys the `master` branch of Reference Implementation Booking Server and Identity Server Reference Implementation to two Azure webapps

Author: Not really, but will link to where the poor docs are

### publish-server job
This job publishes the OpenActive.Server.NET project to Nuget. It then creates a release in the GitHub repository.

### publish-fake-database job
Very similar to the above `publish-server` job, this job publishes the Fake Database project within OpenActive.Server.NET to Nuget.

## create-dependencies-pr.yaml

> This workflow updates OpenActive.Server.NET's OA dependencies if there has been a change in one of the projects. This therefore keeps Server.NET up-to-date with the rest of the OA ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This workflow creates a pull request to OpenActive.Server.NET's OpenActive (OA) dependencies if there has been a change in one of those projects. This therefore keeps Server.NET up-to-date with the rest of the OA ecosystem.
```

This workflow can be triggered in two ways:

- **workflow_dispatch**: This allows you to manually trigger the workflow through the GitHub Actions UI.

> - **repository_dispatch**: This allows the workflow to be triggered when a custom repository dispatch event is sent. It listens for dispatch events from two OA repos, specifically when they are updated: `OpenActive.NET-update` and `OpenActive.DatasetSite.NET-update`. 

Reviewer: This is probably just because of my lack of knowledge, but I don't understand this

> - **repository_dispatch**: This allows the workflow to be triggered when a custom repository dispatch event is sent. It listens for dispatch events from two OA repos, specifically when they are updated: `OpenActive.NET-update` and `OpenActive.DatasetSite.NET-update`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **repository_dispatch**: This allows the workflow to be triggered when a custom repository dispatch event is sent. It listens for dispatch events from two OA repos, specifically, when they are updated: `OpenActive.NET-update` and `OpenActive.DatasetSite.NET-update`. 
```

(i think)

Author: I've reworded and added link to docs
